感觉目前我比较需要精读论文，以此学习好论文的写法。所以我打算每周精读一篇论文，并且摘抄有用的句子。挑选其中一些合适的改写成自己论文中的句子。



# High-level Semantic Feature Detection: A New Perspective for Pedestrian Detection. CVPR2019



Object detection generally requires ... in tradition or ... in modern deep learning approaches.

However, either of these approaches requires tedious configuration in ... or ...

In this paper, taking .. as an example, we provide a new perspective where ...

However, unlike these traditional ... features, the proposed detector goes for a ... er-level abstraction, that is, we are looking for ...

Generally speaking, ... is defined as ..., so ... aims to compute ... of image information and make local decision at every image point whether

Feature detection is of vital importance to a variety of computer vision tasks ranging from ... , ... , to ...

Regarding abstraction of image information, with the rapid development for computer vision tasks, deep convolutional neeural network (CNN) are believed to be of very good capability to learn high-level image abstractions.

**Regarding comparing the similarity of two images, with the rapid development for deep convolutional neural networks (CNN), Siamese structure are believed to be of very good capability to achieve similarity learning.**

Therefore, it has also been applied for ..., and demonstrates attractive successes even in ...

It shows that clean and continuous edges can be obtianed by deep convolutions, which indicates that CNN has a stronger capability to learn ... than traditional methods.

..., for which the convolution is naturally suited.

**As a result, MOT is simply formulated as a straightforward tracking task via SiamMOT network for tracking and detector branch for tracker initialization and termination.** 

**It basically corresponds to the convolutional stage of AlexNet, with some**
**of its hyper-parameters changed.**

